prct 1
Step 1 : Create a New Project.
Step 2: Name the New Folder as Controller 
Right click on Controller and Add > Controller
Select MVC Controller Empty
Add name, here we are leaving it on default name HomeController.cs and clicking
Add at the bottom of the screen
Step 3: In the HomeController.cs we have an Index() method, right click on Index() >
Add View
Select RazorView - Empty and Add and name the View, we are keeping the default name
for our View as Index.cshtml
Select RazorView - Empty and Add and name the View, we are keeping the default name
for our View as Index.cshtml
Now go to startup.cs file and within the ConfigureService method put the command
services.AddMvc();
Now, make a new folder in the project and name it as Models, within Models > Add Class
> Animals
Within Animals.cs :
Now go to HomeController.cs

prct 4 
apt-get -y update
apt-get -y install vim
apt-get -y install firefox
apt-get -y install software-
properties-commonadd- apt-
repository ppa:deadsnakes/ppa
apt-get -y install python
docker volume –help
docker volume create
<volumename> : To create
volumedocker volume ls : To
list volume
docker volume inspect <volumename>
docker volume rm
<volumename> : to delete
volumedocker volume prune
: to delete all unused
volumes 
docker volume create myvol
docker volume ls
docker volume inspect
docker run –name myjenkins1 –v myvol:/var/Jenkins_home -p
8080:8080 –p 50000:50000 Jenkins:2.60.3

prct-5
docker swarm init --advertise-addr <MANAGER-IP>
docker swarm leave <MANAGER-IP>
docker info
docker node ls 
docker service create --replicas 1 --name helloworld alpine ping docker.com
docker service create --replicas 3 --name redis --update-delay 10s redis:3.0.6
docker service update --image redis:3.0.7 redis

prct-6
dotnet newconsole -o firstapp
cd firstapp
dotnet build
dotnetrun
Step 4:- Click the “create new file” button on the repo page .
And type “ .circle/config.yml”.
3332 Omkar C. Velonde
36 | P a g e
Step 5:- AInsert the code in “config.yml” file.
version: 2 jobs:
build:
docker:
• image:
circleci/ruby:2.
4.1 steps:
• checkout
• run: echo "A first hello"
Step 6:- LOGIN CircleCI account, USING GITHUB/BITBUCKET Create
Step 7:- To add your new repo, ensure that your GitHub account is selected in the
dropdown in the upper-left, Select the Add Projects page, and find the repository you
just created in the list (you can also search for it), then click the Set Up Project button
next to it.
On the following screen, choose a language from the dropdown to get a pre-populated
config.yml file with suggested best-practices for your project. If the language you are
using is not in the list, click the “Use Hello World” button at the bottom of the list. Copy
the YAML configuration that appears and save it as a file called “config.yml” in a folder
named .circleci in the root of your repository’s directory.
Step 8:- Click on “Start Building” button
